Hey guys, it's been awhile.
It's been a long while. Um, and I'm sorry for that.
Uh, yeah, like I,
haven't been making a lot of videos and I just want to say,
first of all, I'm sorry for that,
but I just wanted to let you guys know kind of what is going
on with my life. Um, I think, yeah,
maybe it would have been therapeutic or it would be therapeutic for me to tell
you guys, I'm not sure. I might not even post this video. I'm not sure.
We'll see, but I'm, I'm not that okay.
I'm not super great. I'm not feeling great. And
to, oh, you how it started, but it started like probably two months ago.
Um, I kind of said I burnt out in one video, but I said it really like briefly.
So maybe that was like my cry for help. I don't know.
But I burnt out because yeah,
just like doing videos and working, you know,
it was pretty much like 24 hours,
like thinking about work or doing videos and it kind of took a toll on me,
you know? I mean like th th the best, the best way I can explain it is like,
imagine if you had a hard day at work, then, you know,
you could come back home. You know, some people grab a beer, they watch Netflix,
or they just don't want to do anything. But more for me,
maybe it was like the artificial stress that upon myself,
I didn't allow myself to do that because I told myself, you know,
the more time you waste the less, you know, I'll put,
you can get to work or videos.
So if I had a hard day at work and maybe I worked extra hours,
like, yes, I might be doing a bit more at work. But then I was like, oh,
I'm losing hours for my videos. Because, you know,
without these hours, you know, I can't,
I can't post at the same cadence or the same quality and stuff like that.
So I really put this artificial stress on me,
and then I just couldn't do it anymore. So I decided to just take a break.
Right. I took a break, but that made it even worse, I guess.
It's because I had time to think about my life or like my decision, my choices.
And then for some reason, I just,
I just start to get really sad and starting to doubt myself,
doubt my confidence. Like I started like losing confidence.
I was doubting my job. I was doubting my videos. I was doubting me as a person.
Then it was kind of like this vicious circle that made me like more and more the
gut. Like, I don't want to say it, but like, it made me feel like depressed,
right? Like, um, I Googled some symptoms and like, like, you know,
why is it so hard to wake up? Uh, feel like nothing is funny anymore.
And then they're like, oh man, that's the symptoms of depression.
I don't want to say it's depression. Like, I don't think I have it,
but maybe it's just like a sadness thing.
But I also don't like using that word because maybe like,
you know, I, I feel like I'm using it sparingly and like,
and also because it makes it more real, you know, if I use that word, but,
but basically I feel like,
I feel like I haven't been myself in a while and I
really miss like six months ago where, where everything was great. You know,
I love my job, you know, I, I love making videos. I love entertaining you guys.
I love interacting with you guys.
And I thought the solution of my burnout was to, okay, let's take a chill.
And then I started, you know, not commenting as much. I started,
I started not like I didn't post on my social media as anymore.
I started posting less videos and that I also had like all these like sponsored
videos that I had to do, but I really didn't want to do them.
But I had to write is like a contract. So I still did them,
but, but I told myself like, oh, after doing them,
I could finally make videos I want to make. But by that time, like,
I just didn't feel like myself anymore. Right. I felt, I felt,
I don't feel confident. I didn't find joy making videos anymore,
or at least like, it was so hard for me to start because it's,
I feel like it's something that I haven't done in a while.
No.
And now I'm like, I'm just trying to get back into being myself.
And it seems permanent. Like, honestly, like,
it seems really permanent, like what I'm feeling right now,
but I know it's not like I know it's not, but yeah.
That's how I feel right now. And it sucks because like, you know,
in my mind, it's like, oh man, I'm not posting the videos.
I'm just going to become irrelevant and stuff like that. But I mean,
I got to fix myself first. Right. Like it's, I don't,
I put these artificial stress on me and then it just becomes so sad.
Yeah. I'm sorry. You guys have to hear this, but
I mean, I there's a lot of things I missed, you know,
discord chats, my life videos. Those were really fun.
All the memes that I made of like the hints in water memes.
I really missed those.
Yeah. Wow.
But yeah, I mean,
I guess that's why I wanted to tell you guys just a little update of my life.
Um, I really want to make more videos, but I mean,
with my mood right now, it's kind of really hard.
I feel like I have to inform me. I have to be in a very good state, you know,
like a very happy state to kind of like make videos. Cause like, you know,
when you're so sad and like kind of depressed,
it's kind of really hard to force yourself to make certain things or at least
seem happy. But yeah. I mean,
I think that's it. That's what I want to tell you guys, but
I don't know. Anyways, thanks for watching. Um,
yeah.